Like there are multiple process. Out of those processes, we are building a real-time flow and here is a use case. So what's happening is,  few processes are waiting for files. After four hours, if file is not coming, Then we are getting fail incidents instead of waiting for file or waiting for letting the process failed. What we need to do is, we can add process before it. That is when the file comes, then only the process will trigger instead of waiting and failing. That is when file comes, then only it will trigger the DAG. So in new flow the process won’t fail like before,File will come from different states of United States. So few files are Windows-based, Unix, Linux-based, and another few files are processed for NAS and chrysalis. Before triggering the process, configuration should be there, which file need to check and which path.
So as of now, configuration is there for Windows and Unix. Two more configurations need to be added, that is Chrysalis and NAS path. So what are those files and how those configurations needed to be added, that part needs to be done in real time. Currently, for the two processes(windows, Unix)there is file validation code which needs to be done for the new process as well. That is another requirement. When the file comes, validation needs to be done. What all files will be there and which path they will come, that information is there. So, the use case here is to build a process, it will behave like real time, it will check for files, automatically it needs to do data validation, any issues, send alert, if not, make it pass. Currently it's manual, need to build real time process. So, need to build real time process where it can connect to different source system like Unix, Linux, Windows, NAS, how it can connect to different source system, how need to wait for a file, (what we will have with us is file name details. And path)we can get whenever we receive a file and automatically according to source system. Then need to do file validation. In file validation, there will be duplicate row check, bad character check, and accordingly if all good, then either pass or send a lot. So when I asked the question to the stakeholder, why we need AI, he replied, today using only for facets, that is one part of UHG. Tomorrow, it can be a global product of UHG. So it may need it. Any changes needed to add, that only be done at configuration level. No need to touch the code base.
Future plan as why AI is needed-
So, to validate data in db, this we will make it stored in the database. If any table, oracle table gets loaded, okay. Then we need our process, need to follow, for example, employee name or member address field is there. A new line is getting added in that field. As that is a character field, that is allowing new line. So that check also, we are going to add that check also, all the tables, all the fields. If anything new line character comes in, automatically it will go and correct it. So for these things, we can write script But all this, we are going to make it robust. That is the reason we are going to use ai models here, basically. So the plan is to create a plan is vast, but slowly we'll be starting with a very minimal, but if we can show that this is really useful, it is not just at the end use case we are using and nowhere it is getting utilized. No, we want to start with something what is actually useful and what is really going to be useful on the project. Then after we want to make it extensible.
